Johannes Le Roux | 00:02
As they sacred remains Zoho sacreds meet maintain as aa zuma cri and villet all the eg with update of it's when you are already and.
danielle@dona.co.za | 00:16
This is clear. My update has on it. Can you be linked clicking in as? My gosh. Technical difficulties. ASU.
Johannes Le Roux | 00:28
No worries. Maybe we can chat in English. It's easier for me to transcribe and get feedback back to you. But it sounds super exciting, everything that's been going on. Obviously, we've met before, once or twice, I think, by... Yeah, I've been checking out what you guys have been building over the years, and it's very cool.
I didn't even know about the tequila. I definitely had to try that.
danielle@dona.co.za | 00:57
Yes, that's a new product that... So I've actually been bringing in bulk tequila for the last couple of years, and I use it in our seven-fifty-bottle.
Johannes Le Roux | 01:04
No.
danielle@dona.co.za | 01:08
So we have a Ripper soda and a jalapeño flavor.
Johannes Le Roux | 01:09
Cool.
danielle@dona.co.za | 01:12
Tquilama.
Johannes Le Roux | 01:13
Okay.
danielle@dona.co.za | 01:13
I did the development on the RTD. It's one of those things... I don't know why it took so long, but I was always busy with everyone else's product.
Johannes Le Roux | 01:23
Of course.
danielle@dona.co.za | 01:24
And then, yeah, eventually I was like, no, I really need to. I really need to focus on doing our own one.
And I'm so happy with how it came out. And then I thought, you know what?
Johannes Le Roux | 01:34
No, totally.
danielle@dona.co.za | 01:36
I'm going to reach out to the buyer checkers. GOMOSKAKMA yeah.
Johannes Le Roux | 01:41
Yeah, exactly.
danielle@dona.co.za | 01:43
And he was he loved the product. It went through the tasting panel and multiple tasting panels.
It's launching in July, which I'm really happy about. So we're doing a national listing and we're doing checker 6060 and it's... Yeah, it's obviously the biggest PO for us to date and very excited about it.
Johannes Le Roux | 01:57
Nine.
Nice.
danielle@dona.co.za | 02:07
I actually want to grab the cans. I ran upstairs now I just want to grab the can.
So you...
Johannes Le Roux | 02:13
Yes, yeah, glad at not.
danielle@dona.co.za | 02:15
Okay, wait, let me grab that. Let me grab that.
I'm a witness. I called in the distillery anyway, and I got the label from...
Johannes Le Roux | 02:38
You can put a jacket on like I bought this Mack jacket in Minnesota and I'm wearing it now in Cape on.
danielle@dona.co.za | 02:47
Wow, there we go. So cold here at the back. So I just got my labels done last week. I was a sal the whole week. I'm like, "No, we need to change this. We need to change that."
Anyway, so this is ultimately what it's going to look like.
Johannes Le Roux | 03:02
Wow, very cool.
danielle@dona.co.za | 03:02
So this is the in.
Johannes Le Roux | 03:04
I love it, and I love that.
danielle@dona.co.za | 03:05
This is a...
Johannes Le Roux | 03:06
I love that the serve is the thing that you see first, because a lot of times people just want to put their logo. People like...
But what is the head? Right. So Margarte and Belo are really shining. I think that's what people know, right? They know the serve.
danielle@dona.co.za | 03:23
Yeah. We're doing a spicy margarita and a... So, itza margarita, spicy margarita, paloma and non-alcoholic margarita.
Johannes Le Roux | 03:32
Incredible. Wow, awesome. And I love that you champion the non-ALC obviously, I spent quite a bit of time in the non-ALC space. I think probably a bit early, we were maybe a bit early, but it's maybe just a little bit of where I'm doing now, obviously, you've had to look at my website. I am actually out of the beverage game after 15 years. I couldn't believe it.
I've sold all my businesses and decided to launch a business in golf, which has always been a fun thing for me. So I'm still building brands and doing stuff like you're an entrepreneur, you can't really stop, right?
I decided at the same time, not to... Yeah, I've got all this knowledge and experience in the beverage space specifically, but just building brands from South Africa and taking them international and thought it would be cool to work with a few entrepreneurs.
So I work with three or four people at a time, max. And, yeah, depending on where they're on the business. Obviously, we look at what they require. But what I find is sometimes the most important is just having an independent balance board.
Because obviously, with everyone else, you have to play these roles. With investors, you always say it's going well. With buyers, you have to sell your product with the team, you have to put it on the smile.
But you don't always... As an entrepreneur, what I found is that you need someone that you can be like a... That was tough. I don't know how to get out of this, so I feel stuck or whatever that is.
So it goes between pure business consultancy. Let's put together a really cool pitch deck to actually just a bit of coaching and having that independent person to talk to.
So that's, in short, what I do. And obviously, this is very much aligned to my experience. So I'm excited to hear if I can be of help. But this first sort of thirty minute session is actually just for me to, like, for you to ask questions, and I will just sort of give you my gut feel on everything.
And then I'll follow up with a bit of a transcription on what we discuss and see if there's any further things that you need. But like, no obligation, right? So I just love actually hearing and entrepreneur stories and, yeah, still having a little bit of, a foot in the FMCG market because it is very exciting on the one side, it's traumatizing on another side.
So yeah, I know about one of the trauma. I'm happy to share learnings, but let's focus on where you are at the moment. Sounds like very exciting time, but I know that exciting times and beverage sometimes bring the most stress because obviously you can't there can't be any mistakes. Cash flow is always tight when you get big POs. All these kind of kinds of things.
So, where do you. Where do you want to start.
danielle@dona.co.za | 06:41
No, I mean, no. It's like resonating with everything that you're saying. I think sometimes we're like, my word, I'm on top of the world. And other times you're like, what the fuck am I doing?
Johannes Le Roux | 06:51
Exactly.
danielle@dona.co.za | 06:51
Why am I here? Why am I staying corporate?
Johannes Le Roux | 06:55
Yes.
danielle@dona.co.za | 06:55
I think for us and for the business. So obviously, donut distillery is the business, and we manufacture spirits. So different kinds of spirits, Ramjan, vodka, tequila, not... We don't manufacture that.
But now I import... We manufacture a different spirit. I manufacture for other brands, and then I sell bulk for other that goes into other products.
Then the other side of it is our own brand.
Johannes Le Roux | 07:28
Hey.
danielle@dona.co.za | 07:29
So I've got a whiskey brand with a business partner that's outside of the distillery, and then I've got a non-alcoholic spirit brand that's with another business partner outside of the distillery.
Johannes Le Roux | 07:38
Yeah.
danielle@dona.co.za | 07:40
And then the KLA product, and that's ultimately why I actually started the distillery, like eight years ago. No more than that ten years ago, no more than that twelve years ago.
Johannes Le Roux | 07:50
[Laughter] Lose track?
danielle@dona.co.za | 07:50
I forget the artic. So I worked in corporate. I worked.
I did management. I worked in a bank in Canada and then went to Mexico and I had, like, proper tequila.
And it just kind of stuck with me because you could see the plants and it's like, how do you.
Johannes Le Roux | 08:06
Yeah.
danielle@dona.co.za | 08:09
How do you actually manufacture? How do you make it? I did my first couple of batches in South Africa where everyone did the local thing where you get the local gov and whatever and put it in the pizza oven and helped...
Johannes Le Roux | 08:20
I [Laughter].
danielle@dona.co.za | 08:22
Someone helped me to, like, crush it, and I went wine makers, and they taught me about the fermentation.
And then I met distillers and they taught me about distillation. And that's like kind of where Dona distillry started. And then it.
Johannes Le Roux | 08:34
Can I no, yeah, yes, yeah, it's very tough with the local fruit.
danielle@dona.co.za | 08:36
I made a lot of other spirits and produced for other people, but this tequila kept going and I made multiple batches and it was never the flavor profile that I was after.
That's when I started talking to distilleries in Mexico and finding out about importing bulk. So that was a thing in...
Johannes Le Roux | 08:56
It's got more to do with the local fruit than anything. I sat with the guys from Inzallo Tequila a few weeks ago, and they're just telling me what a journey it's been to create that product, which is pretty good now, but it was not as easy as people think.
danielle@dona.co.za | 09:15
Yeah, it's... I mean, I think it's a different flavor profile, and there's a lot that goes into it. It's the raw material, it's the yeast that we use here.
Johannes Le Roux | 09:20
No.
danielle@dona.co.za | 09:22
The fact that the raw materials aren't harvested correctly, the sugar content isn't correct, so the yeast is not converting it properly, so your yields are lower.
So Claude knows that goes into it.
Johannes Le Roux | 09:33
Yeah, I understand. Maybe on that question...
danielle@dona.co.za | 09:36
But...
Johannes Le Roux | 09:36
Because you sound like you're a full-out distiller now. But what would you say is your main role in the business?
danielle@dona.co.za | 09:44
So currently I feel like I'm so much more focused on actually sales and business development and brand building more than I don't really produce.
Johannes Le Roux | 09:50
No.
danielle@dona.co.za | 09:54
So I used to produce everything now eco production manager that's producing.
Johannes Le Roux | 09:58
Okay, awesome. Okay, cool.
danielle@dona.co.za | 10:00
But yeah, so I mean...
Johannes Le Roux | 10:01
But that's a good place to be because that's the one place that you can't really automate it.
It's difficult to get somebody else to do that. It's like people want to hear from the founder. So nobody will sell it as well as you will. So I think it's a great place to be. That's where I ended up focusing is fundraising
and sales.
danielle@dona.co.za | 10:24
Yeah, but I mean that goes hand in hand with... Now I'm like, "I'm done with here and this there and then this client is upset about something and then it's like having a sit-down meeting with a restaurant because they're listing the bill, so it is all over the show."
I absolutely... I'm trying to be less involved to one logistics. I don't want to be involved in logistics at all.
That's not it. And then manufacturing. I've got a great team, and they're really good, but ultimately, I feel like it's still all of everything still sits here, but, anyway, so, yeah, started the distillery and then we brought in the product.
For me now, I think the thing is mostly because your brands are so well known and you've just always had an amazing ability to... I know every single one of your brands because it's just the marketing. I'm using this as an overarching term because that is where I have zero knowledge.
Johannes Le Roux | 11:21
Yeah.
danielle@dona.co.za | 11:22
So that part I'm struggling with to get a brand identity on how to actually market it. How social media is this absolutely great machine or platform. I know very little. I don't know how to go with even just a brand identity in my mind. I'm like, "This is what I want."
But now I have it. It's in my head. I'm like, "How do I actually...?" That part.
Johannes Le Roux | 11:46
I get it, yeah.
danielle@dona.co.za | 11:51
I think that because I've just... Obviously all your...
Johannes Le Roux | 11:54
Yeah, I think probably you're right.
Probably the strongest thing about our brands was the brands themselves. Obviously, I worked with some incredible people, like sent Alita on these cars.
But what I believe more and more, especially in a place where marketing, like you said, is a broader case, is... I mean, there's so much out there, so much content, so much... It's very easy to create something very beautiful and just still be average and just disappear, right?
So I think that when we were doing the Duchess, what was great about what we did upfront was to go super minimal with things. Nowadays, things are all maximum. So there is some of it is a trend, some of it's a target audience.
I think that's how I think about it more and more. So like product market fit becomes for me like the most important marketing question actually. So it's not so it's almost like you it's almost like so you're taking a sales approach on marketing by really understanding who you want this product, who should be drinking the product, right?
And I think that we were kind of lucky because there was a big gap in the market. And that audience was so sort of ripe for the product. That said, we focus a lot on how can we amplify what we've built.
So you can have a beautiful website, you can have a beautiful brand, you can have a great product. But if you can't amplify it properly, like you say, either that being through paid digital media in a very clever way or we did a lot of PR, for instance.
So like we PR is an amazing tool or it used to be an amazing tool, I still think it is now. It's just more influencer PR than it than it's traditional media. Yeah, really kind of building out specialized campaigns for each one of those platforms.
So you can't just have a marketing strategy and then, like, roll it out, right? You have to think about you have to think about each other.
danielle@dona.co.za | 14:18
He.
Johannes Le Roux | 14:21
You have to first establish, okay, what the target audience is, then what the best platforms are that target audience listens to or that influences them, right?
So, say, that's Instagram and a certain type of media, or it could be a sport or a musician or something like that. A type of music. Or it could just be a very specific area, right? It could just be like, "Cool, let's just focus on Capetonians, right?"
Whatever that choice is where you start, it's almost like your sales strategy because you like that availability. Your sales strategy is so important for the marketing. You then go and choose the platform. Then you look at that platform and say, "What are the strengths of the specific platform?" How do what?
Like what type of content or approach or marketing strategy actually resonates on that type of platform? So TikTok obviously video content, right? So you can't like even Instagram. I don't think you can Instagram. For instance, I don't think posting like a picture of your product and or anything like that works anymore. I'm more and more like having. It has to be a real person. It has to be like if it's the founder like you talking, that's like, obviously that works the best.
If you look at all these brands in America that are doing so well, it's founder led, like especially on Instagram and LinkedIn then. But it could be something completely different as well. I like. I'm working on. On a hydration brand at the moment with people and we're just going deep on like Paddle, for instance, right?
And then when you like when you're so specific about that target audience and you then it becomes more clear as to what you should be what's important, what's not important. Ryan so, what is your current say, let's just talk about this tequila. RTD.
So, I've got some ideas of, like, I think, who would drink it and what the occasion would be. But maybe from your point. What do you think it is.
danielle@dona.co.za | 16:39
Just before I answer that, I like I so agree with that because it's for we've done a lot of like I've worked on different brands where we have a lot of marketing spend and you spend way too much money because it's way too broad and you actually don't know what like you don't go with it.
Johannes Le Roux | 16:54
One.
danielle@dona.co.za | 16:54
Then, I've worked on brands with very little money, and then it's just more successful. So, I ultimately agree with... I think that currently, it's all about authenticity and transparency. I get that everyone is saying to me, "You've got the distillery."
Why don't you just video behind the scenes all the time? And I'm like, my fuck. Okayy tighty like they would be, but okay, but I need to. I need to know what to like. I'm so awkward, like what to do or what to say or. It needs to be like a campaign, a conscience like or for me, eye conscious, like randomly video.
Johannes Le Roux | 17:27
He.
danielle@dona.co.za | 17:32
Okay, we're doing a blend. Are we doing this or that? I understand that's great content, but, like, it needs to be. As you said, it needs to.
Johannes Le Roux | 17:39
Like both of them?
danielle@dona.co.za | 17:39
Like. Actually.
Johannes Le Roux | 17:40
Yeah, exactly. It's sometimes it could work or a bit, but it still needs to have some sort of purpose and obviously publicity is the word, but it's like everyone talks.
danielle@dona.co.za | 17:47
Exactly.
Johannes Le Roux | 17:50
It's like half of the time I'm a real person. I don't even feel authentic. Like I'm. Like I'm really a real person.
danielle@dona.co.za | 17:55
No.
Johannes Le Roux | 17:56
There's nothing more authentic than being a real person and still not so... I don't know what exactly this definition of authenticity is, but I do understand that.
That's why I think it's got less to do with authenticity and more to do with having a real conversation with a defined target audience. So defining the target audience is then so important.
Because you can't seem authentic if you're speaking broadly to too many people. You can't...
danielle@dona.co.za | 18:26
Exactly. It's pointless in a mess all the time. Okay, we're doing this, but who is this going to? You just blosting it into the net, but so I think audience because it's...
Johannes Le Roux | 18:34
Yeah.
danielle@dona.co.za | 18:40
So it's a little bit more of an expectation being a TD and being a tea TD, it's a little bit more expensive. So I think it will retail for $10.99 per four-pack. Yeah, $10.99 or four-pack. It's high, so it's 7% alcohol and 250 more.
Johannes Le Roux | 18:54
No.
danielle@dona.co.za | 18:57
So I would say... Again, it's full... I've done the research in terms of Target, who will be buying it, but it's the male young generation, older twenties to like cities. Our age group will be buying this.
A lot of times, even just so it will be... You will drink it at your house. That's the occasion. It can be a bra, it can be sitting at home alone. You don't want to open a bottle of wine so you're drinking this.
So I want to say I target audience or our age people who potentially living in town or in like a city or whatever like more hubs. So I don't think it will be something that's in blind door-to-door or potentially but yeah, like...
Johannes Le Roux | 19:39
Yeah. Unless it's holiday times, so for holiday vacation time and people take it with and it's easy. Nobody wants to take a bottle toquila vacation if you're in your late thirties
but you'll take some of these warmers.
danielle@dona.co.za | 19:59
The other thing that I mean, I think it really... Okay, I think we're jumping around but I don't want when I go to KA like I would like to take a bottle of tequila to make margaritas, but they're so expensive, so I don't feel like I'm going to a bottle home.
Johannes Le Roux | 20:06
Yes.
danielle@dona.co.za | 20:14
That's just an awesome move but I don't want to leave.
Johannes Le Roux | 20:15
Exactly.
danielle@dona.co.za | 20:19
So I'm like, "What am I going to do?" So I'd rather take my margaritas because then I don't feel like, "Okay, I'm leaving a half-expensive bottle at someone's house because I'm not going to."
So I think there's a. Yeah, so it's probably older twenties to older thirties and people in on...
Johannes Le Roux | 20:36
Yeah, and for these, whatever. Yeah.
danielle@dona.co.za | 20:41
Okay, think if I could define... Maybe I must be more... But I feel like someone, if you follow this person's life... My sister always tells me and she's like, "Who?"
Johannes Le Roux | 20:46
Wanted to say more because then I got through the next definition.
danielle@dona.co.za | 20:53
What is this person doing?
I suppose this person is living in Sea Point and she just went to sweat 1000 this morning and now going to... Maybe she hates her job, but she's working. Then she gets home, she walks on the prom. She's going out with a girlfriend tonight, having a drink, and then, I don't know, watching a movie on Netflix and going to bed.
Johannes Le Roux | 21:06
No.
danielle@dona.co.za | 21:14
Over a weekend, she goes to a wine farm and... With her friends and one, a cool one, who knows what's up and what's the new trend. That's probably the person.
Johannes Le Roux | 21:24
Yeah, exactly, but because that's what I wanted to say. So as long as you've got plus minus a target audience and it doesn't really have to be too age specific, it... I like that. You say it's more cosmopolitan.
It's like people that like to go out and have a good time, they socialize a lot. Then it becomes for me, okay, cool. Which of those occasions now actually fit my product? Well, what is I what do I solve? What problem I solve. You mentioned solving the problem of having to take a whole, like, mixing kit to be able to have a tequila drink, which I think is a big one.
So we like to speak about share of cooler box, right? So, think about... Because somebody has a cooler box, right? And how do you become two cans in that cooler box out of everything else that's in there?
Because that cooler box is being put on the boat right on the Fall River, and people are going out for the whole day, and they're having a Joel. You're going up against brutal fruit and Benini and any sort of RT D product.
So you want to define that. Then the really most important target audience, I think, is tequila drinkers. So just think about that. I think that shouldn't be underestimated. Tequila is something that is obviously more and more people growing. I wouldn't go into this whole thing of trying to convert people to drink tequila and say, "It's a Paloma."
It's like, "Go for people that love tequila." Make that the euro, right? It's something that there isn't a lot of... There's almost no competition because none of the big brands... It's not feasible for them to bring it in.
So one of my friends is a GM of Quavo, and he's just like, "It's not feasible for us to bring in the stuff." So you have an open market for RTD tequila basically, and it's too small.
danielle@dona.co.za | 23:30
The other RTD brands. I supply them with a bulk stock.
Johannes Le Roux | 23:33
Exactly. Yeah, and the bigger guys, like your Hello's and stuff, they're more focused on just wide spirits, right?
They're just like, "Cool, we're doing billions and gens, so why would we worry about tequila now?" So I think there's an amazing blank space there. I would really go and say, for me, marketing is more and more... We spoke about marketing, it is to say, "Okay, cool. Make your marketing strategy for the first six months to get a thousand loyal customers, right?" Just 1000, right?
Because if you've got a thousand people buying your products, say two, four packs a month already, or we go work out what your sales targets are and how many people it should be. But I always like a thousand repeat customers.
So then it starts thinking. Okay, well, Flip, I actually can be very focused with this because I can probably get a thousand customers within a hundred kilometers of my distillery, right?
And hit the target. So instead of... That's where it becomes very important. Maybe not... Don't think about it as you've got a national listing now, which is awesome. So I'd rather go and say from all of these occasions that we think about...
So maybe list them out or be like, "So this is all the different people that I can think of." You just mentioned Sunny from Seapoint, right? This is everything she does. Maybe you come up with ten of those types of people
and list for each of them ten things that they do and then see which of those things would fit your product. Then I would go and maybe choose one or two occasions and go deep on them.
danielle@dona.co.za | 26:03
Sorry. Let me. But I get anyway, you will.
Johannes Le Roux | 26:06
No, I record this. It's perfect. So, I just had this idea, actually. Every single person with a field bar in South Africa should be your customer.
So that could be the perfect launch campaign. Go to fieldbomb. Basically, make them an offer they can't refuse to send out an emailer to their database saying that you're now on checkers.
So, cool, we're going to give away the top hundred Checkers stores. We're going to give away a field bar. Or maybe it's 20. So I'm buying 20 field bars from you or 50 field bars from you, and all I need from you is to send out an email to your database. Not that you're being very targeted and specific, right?
You're pushing them straight to a retailer. And then, like, you have a follow up sort of, as part of the campaign, it needs to be like to win the field bar. Like, post a photo of yourself drinking the product.
And then you go look at the product. Like photos and see, like where do people drink it? And then you use that to inform your marketing strategy going forward.
danielle@dona.co.za | 27:23
See, that's exactly what like yeah, that's where I'm like, I'm because I can't see like marketing, I'm so it's such a foreign concept to me.
Johannes Le Roux | 27:23
So...
danielle@dona.co.za | 27:33
I'm like, "I've got this beautiful opportunity now, as you said, basically a clean slate. We're going to be available everywhere."
Johannes Le Roux | 27:39
Yeah, yes, you thinking no, yeah.
danielle@dona.co.za | 27:40
I just want to make sure that the pool is correct.
And I don't want to do it in a sloppy way, like I really want to go literally if the route to market is sorted out, I'm like, that's great. So now how do I pull correctly? And as you say like yo the just even with a tiny campaign.
And I think it's sometimes it's nice when it's like it's only a small amount of people that know about something and then they feel like they're in forming the rest of the people. Alt that yesterday guy means that day fins.
And as he bouns off and wet. It's not cool anymore.
Johannes Le Roux | 28:14
Exactly. And that's and they are everyone that has a field bar. And I mean, like, you can take it further, you can say, listen, maybe make, a specific color, like, later on, you can do, like, a specific color field bar that's in a colab.
danielle@dona.co.za | 28:19
Hey.
Johannes Le Roux | 28:30
I literally just would say, "I'll buy this from you. It's a cool product. We do a shoot together. We're going live in all the checker stores we're buying. I don't know. Field bars are expensive, but 50 field bars from you... Let's just do that and then do those giveaways per 50 stores with a field bar standing in store with the packs.
I mean, something like that. That's just off the top of my head, but yeah.
danielle@dona.co.za | 28:59
I think that's a great idea.
Johannes Le Roux | 29:02
But I think that will then inform the rest of your strategy because then you go and it's like, "Okay, hashtag, what are the R&D products then?"
danielle@dona.co.za | 29:07
Yeah.
Dona Fuego. Well, I don't know. It's actually just. It's Dona Fuego Tquilama.
Johannes Le Roux | 29:21
Yeah, okay. Don Tokla, yeah. So hashtag Dona, yeah, Donna, Tquila, whatever. You can win a field ball or... I don't know, these things just keep it super simple. That's the whole point. You can keep it super simple. Just having that in store already will get you a lot.
Then with the... Yeah, I mean, so how we did it with Dach is a little case study. It fits into what you're saying. So we actually didn't list anywhere with Dach for the first three months except for Yapi Chef, so we gave them three months of exclusivity. We launched it in September. In December, we were the number one selling SKU on the Abishev. We did over a thousand cases on the Abishev in December 2026.
Because we went deep with them and said, "Listen, so every month, people really wanted the product. We did a shit load of all the PR, everything. We did maybe about 80 pieces of PR all just saying it was available in Yapi Chef and not like anywhere else, just the Yapi Chef."
So all of that pushed towards the Yapi Chef algorithm goes like, "This is a great product." So we get pushed more and more on the page, we get front and center on all the newsletters. That leads to more and more sales and now all of a sudden we're number one sky on Yappy Chef. They're happy, we're happy, customers are happy. Our work campaign worked. That was probably the most successful campaign we ever did with that is just that.
Yeah, and everything.
danielle@dona.co.za | 31:00
And that's true because now you're Googling Dutches. Way to get it. And? And it's a great platform, and.
Johannes Le Roux | 31:07
Because we didn't have the ability to have national distribution through checkers. Then it was available to everyone, right? So if we did a piece in the icerenod and somebody from Kukonov wanted Dutchess, they could get it within two days.
So it was nice to have that to... But I think... So on that it's nice to pick a few partners, go deep on it, and then don't worry about having a full art long-term idea about your marketing strategy or anything. Rather, just utilize what works.
Look at your clients, look at your audience. Start a Claude. Start a Claude file literally just on Don Fuego, audience. We're going to build on it and let it literally search the internet constantly and everywhere it gets mentioned or these photos, it starts building this feed.
So in the end, you'll have this master file that's maybe called the "1,000 Top Fans." And you can be like, "Cool, I want to create." We've got summer coming up. Let's create a campaign for this audience.
It'll come up with ideas that we can come up with.
danielle@dona.co.za | 32:27
Yeah, okay, definitely. You gave me a lot to think about, and I... Okay. So that's the first thing obviously, that's what I want to do that correctly.
Johannes Le Roux | 32:40
Yeah.
danielle@dona.co.za | 32:40
Then ultimately, because I'm aware of your already or overtime and I'm so sorry. And ultimately, what I usually do with brands is... So I'll build it in the distillery and then I'll put it into a separate company and then I'll sell equity in that company.
So the salaries keep as one hundred percent and then move it over. So that's what I would want to do with it to kill our brand in.
Johannes Le Roux | 33:07
No.
danielle@dona.co.za | 33:08
So for me, I think it's great that I can now get sales and rates of sale and everything for the ITTDS and the sevens.
Then I'll package it in six months or a year or however many whatever. When I think I need some capital in the business, then I'll put it into a separate business. I think that's... You've done that really well. Where that would be my secondary...
So everything I just have that's in the back of my mind but at this point, I actually just want to get a proper rate of sales. I just want to show that there's some sales. Then once you can show that, you can put it in an entity and then sell it.
Johannes Le Roux | 33:41
There's a thing. Have you ever watched what's it called? Silicon Valley? The show, and they have this one.
danielle@dona.co.za | 33:49
No.
Johannes Le Roux | 33:51
Yeah. The one thing is that they're like, "We've got... We do so much revenue."
The guy goes like, "No, don't talk about you. Rega sell anything." When you fundraise, it's an interesting thing because you actually build good structured businesses. You obviously come from a banking background. I understand how you think about stuff and how you think about value. I would say that there's an opportunity that you have now where there's this potentially viewed as amazing. There's no data. You've got a massive national listing. It might not be a bad time to raise capital now before you start because that all that real-world data and stuff, it takes a long time and it actually in a way messes with your potential with your valuation.
So you can probably just off what you've got now, raise at a twenty million valuation on the brand, right? But as soon as you've got the first year revenue of, I don't know, a million rand or two million rand, then people are going to be like, "Okay, cool. Valued at 678 million."
danielle@dona.co.za | 35:08
You know, the actuals are not actually.
Johannes Le Roux | 35:11
So there's something where it could be something about building a model now. I always believe you have a data room and your stuff ready. So I'm not saying pre-launch you go... But have everything ready because you're going to be having all these conversations now with people.
