danielle@dona.co.za | 00:05
2. 
Good morning to me. You know I'm Alice is that I'm a hang and at work Mark.
Johannes Le Roux | 00:14
Good morning. I see. Yes.
danielle@dona.co.za | 00:23
Then it's my, vote that will promote and its to follow it or to follow it wherever you can or next don't put that out.
Johannes Le Roux | 00:28
[Laughter] No, it's one of those days already. Yeah, I can yeah, I can feel that it's getting to the end of the week already. [Laughter] Noy nory.
danielle@dona.co.za | 00:41
I said Alfreda.
Johannes Le Roux | 00:46
Awesome. Thanks for the positive feedback and being keen to work with me. 
I think there's. Yeah, there's obviously a lot of potential from that first call we did, and I'd like to understand a little bit more detail. I've put together, a deliverable Striker that I send over to you now on email.
danielle@dona.co.za | 01:08
Yes, I. So thank you. I need some structure. [Laughter].
Johannes Le Roux | 01:12
That's cool. I'm the same. If I don't have a bit of structure, then I will just go blue sky thinking the whole time. So between the two of us, I thought, let's put together some bit of a structure. Obviously it's flexible and it doesn't require us to it's like too much I hate these productivity tools that take more time than the actual work take. 
So. So it's more just as a bit of a structure for what we discussed in that first call. But obviously, I think now that we saying, Cool, let's work together, things might even change. Obviously, there are some ideas that we shared in the first call that I think landed well, but, I think it's worth maybe just running through them again and feeling out if it is the best way to go forward. 
And yeah, maybe just getting an idea of, yeah, any thoughts you've had, ideas you've had so far. And then what we'll do is obviously, through these sessions, we'll build out. Thanks for sending on the file with the drive. Then we'll build out the strategy and we'll build out the sales targets and the marketing concepts and everything. Does that make senses include as.
danielle@dona.co.za | 02:33
Absolutely. And I actually, I was really excited after our meeting because it really feels like, as I said, the structure like, I need. If there's a baseline, then I can, like, work with it. 
I have to take a lot of time to like actually set up structures for myself in the business as well, and once I do that, it creates so much more like I'm much calmer because you're going at like ear and then when you have structure, it's great for me to keep myself accountable and so that everyone's on the same page.
Johannes Le Roux | 02:45
Time I actually as stretches myself. So. 
Yeah, four.
danielle@dona.co.za | 03:03
I think about, like, the way that I work with our teams, it's that, like, everyone's accountable, and then no knows what's going on. Because a lot of times I'm like, okay, this is a great idea. Let's go with this. Let's go with that. Whatever. The case.
Johannes Le Roux | 03:14
Of which is good because, I mean, that's that Founders energy. And, I like that, it's important to. That's why I said these things, we build it and then we rip it apart again, [Laughter] you know? 
But I think, yeah, I was quite excited. I think there's a real opportunity for a stand out to GE ARTD in the South African market. And like you shared those competitors. I know. I know Olio quite well and I know everyone. 
And there's nobody really that owns the space. Right? But from the data you shared, there's a massive opportunity.
danielle@dona.co.za | 03:50
Yeah. So I'm in the same space. Like I just did a little bit. So the thing is the last thing that I want to do. And this is unfortunately what happens most of the times with products and brands. I focus so much on, like, the development of it and then, you know, getting the root to market, having those meetings, and then it's all of the work and there's so much potential. 
And then I struggle to do that, like, marketing thing or get that pool or actually the follow up afterwards, because I'm onto the next thing.
Johannes Le Roux | 04:18
Yeah.
danielle@dona.co.za | 04:20
Onto the next thing, the next deal, the next. And I definitely don't want to do this because I think this is a massive opportunity.
Johannes Le Roux | 04:24
[Laughter] Yes.
danielle@dona.co.za | 04:27
And I mean for the brand, but for our business. So I didn't share this in our previous meeting, but I thought, you know, I'm happy now that we're working together, just even to like share our pricing structures and figures. 
So I think that and I mean for the our first PO. Is a 2.7 million rent PO. And just like we're just doing and actually in it was going to be more. But I said I want to do it smaller first because obviously you have cash flow. 
So I mean, I can the whole situation.
Johannes Le Roux | 04:59
Yeah, Nom.
danielle@dona.co.za | 05:01
So how it works is I've been funding it through the distillery, the brand and just paying it out of our cash flow. And so now for this. And so a part of. I told you about the OTD, which is now the brand. 
And then the second part of the business is the bulk to Kila that I'm bringing in. So that's a massive capital outflow for the business because I prepaid for Tequila two months in advance, which is quite a bit of alki.
Johannes Le Roux | 05:26
Of course is. Yeah, definitely.
danielle@dona.co.za | 05:32
So what I've done for now, I've been working on doing. So initially I wanted to PO factor it because if it's a two point million P I'm doing some working with Tiny Kegg and our opening orders is 9000 just because you put it in as well. 
I think it's 9000 liters per skeu.
Johannes Le Roux | 05:49
Okay, cool.
danielle@dona.co.za | 05:50
Which will then be something like. Let's get. I get a number. I started putting it into a document.
Johannes Le Roux | 05:57
One.
danielle@dona.co.za | 05:58
So we started off with 9000 liters per SKU, which is a 5 00 cases and 36000 units for our first SK but from that we're sending in a 1 00. 
So I'll still have additional 4400 cases just for like the replenishment. But the reality is because I've been working with some. I wanted to do per factoring.
Johannes Le Roux | 06:26
Yeah.
danielle@dona.co.za | 06:26
And then I realized that.
Johannes Le Roux | 06:27
What do you mean? Likede trade finance.
danielle@dona.co.za | 06:30
Yes.
Johannes Le Roux | 06:30
Okay.
danielle@dona.co.za | 06:30
And then I realized that that's probably not the best way to go about it because just working on my cash flow for the next, let's say four months or prior to season, it's going to be massive capital outflow for the bulk to Kila, then it'so then I get in big payment. 
So the checkers PO would be a big payment. But even before I get the checkers, payment, which is thirty days after statement, that's sixty days that I'm setting basically that I'm carrying that.
Johannes Le Roux | 06:56
Okay, yeah.
danielle@dona.co.za | 07:01
And then they'll potentially place more orders. 
So I'm still going to have to keep on replenishing and pay for that. And then I only get paid. So I'm always behind. And then with the bulk. Tequila it's a prepayment and then it lands in the country two months later. 
And then I would sell to other brands or I sell into it's for my own brand. But again, it's like it's part payments. So I've been working with a couple of finance houses, I'm going to say, to work on a drawdown facility or I just had the banks there yesterday to see if I can do.
Johannes Le Roux | 07:31
Yes, exactly.
danielle@dona.co.za | 07:35
But that mean it's the overdraft. I've actually never even had an overdraft. I'm.
Johannes Le Roux | 07:39
That's what I was think. Then you can just access it when you need it, and you don't access it when you don't needed them one.
danielle@dona.co.za | 07:45
Yeah, because I'm quite conservative in that way, where I was always really scared of like borrowing money, but the reality you can't do this without borrowing money. Just content. 
I think that's kind of hampered the growth of the business because I've been so conservative and wanting to just pay everything out of our cash flow. But after our conversation, I thought about it and I'm like, I actually want to do this like, properly and go, okay, cool. Let's put so much behind marketing. 
And this is a like it can actually be a really cool project if I don't do it conservatively.
Johannes Le Roux | 08:14
Yeah, no, yeah.
danielle@dona.co.za | 08:22
And I'm like, okay, cool. I'm gonna potentially sell something or, you know, if I can the overdraft.
Johannes Le Roux | 08:29
I mean, yeah, the proof is already in that first PO right? Which is great. And I think it's you've built what's great is you've obviously built a great foundation, and now leveraging off that foundation makes a lot of sense. 
I think you did the right thing. If you start leveraging before you've got a foundation, then you're risking the whole business, right? So I think actually well done for not going this route so far. And then when but you've had all the lines in the water now that one of the lines is it now you know. 
Okay, cool, I've got a foundation, this line is it. Let me double down on it. And that's just sort of the first. PO but obviously like you say investing properly in marketing and every like creating that rad of cell and every like that's going to be the real test because so like Checkers is very happy to just be like okay, cool can pick up all your stock. [Laughter] No, because you have.
danielle@dona.co.za | 09:26
Yeah, exactly. So I mean, I've had that with SPA in the past where it was a DC order and then they're like, okay, we've only sold this amount. Come and get the rest of it. 
So I obviously absolutely don't want that. And I think with this, it's a little bit different because we're going national. And that's why I started because a pier was initially over four million. 
And I was like that that's not defl for I like I don't think we should do five cases per store per skew because if you have a couple of stores that are sitting in couconnab and it's not selling like then you need to pay for trucking to get it back. 
So I didn't want to not take the national listing, but I wanted to be more conservative and say I'm happy to do three cases per SKU per store. And if we don't sell in specific stores, then we can trunk it or whatever, but that's not that's still manageable. I feel like five cases per store. Perscuers, maybe convult. 
And it's winter time, so.
Johannes Le Roux | 10:22
Exactly.
danielle@dona.co.za | 10:24
So I had to, like, put the brakes on there a little bit, but that's just where. Where I'm comfortable being.
Johannes Le Roux | 10:28
And you've got hopefully you've got, eighteen months short.
danielle@dona.co.za | 10:35
What do you mean? I, we've got twelve. Well, we start over twelve months, but bered for it.
Johannes Le Roux | 10:40
Okay, yeah, don't print. Yeah, don't maybe don't even print. Sometimes I'm like fine with just printing production date and not even based before date because they might.
danielle@dona.co.za | 10:52
I think jackers will have.
Johannes Le Roux | 10:55
They might one. 
But twelve months is fine, because that's probably just because it's a can, not because.
danielle@dona.co.za | 11:00
Yeah, and I'm doing Vulkan dosing, so it's it would actually be 18 months, but I just I'm like, starting off with this. This is our first run. 
So basically the first run that I'm doing is 80% of it's or it's being absorbed by checkers. And then just a little bit of stock. And then if they had smaller orders, then I could still replenish from.
Johannes Le Roux | 11:21
Yeah, okay, amazing.
danielle@dona.co.za | 11:25
From the. From the additional stock that I have.
Johannes Le Roux | 11:27
Yeah, well, I think it's going to be super important. Like you say, just from. I've got some models that I use with regards to cash flow that I'm happy to if you send me the if you send me the all the raw information, then I can just pop it into that model and then you can have a look at it. Just maybe as another perspective. 
Because I'm sure you have your own. But specifically around cash flow, and I agree with you like I think what's the best thing about this is what not a lot of brands have is a very clear like I said about the ABI chef. 
So like a very clear push towards one store, right? So everything is just go check his liquor, go to check his liquor, check is available, check his liquor. So. And obviously, what's nice is you've basically got one client to keep happy and you don't have to deal with like you don't even need all the other distributors and all of that stuff going out at the moment. You don't have, like, exclusivity with them, do you?
danielle@dona.co.za | 12:34
I do. So I've got exclusivity with checkers for twelve months and we licker and then we're on 6060.
Johannes Le Roux | 12:37
Zero.
danielle@dona.co.za | 12:40
But I'm honestly happy like checkers is where it's like I'm happy to keep that exclusivity. Or I mean, who knows what's going to happen in twelve months, but I have a good relationship with a buyer where I'm at this point happy to just keep it as it is and say to him. 
So I didn't want to reach out. I thought, let me have a meeting with you first and then reach out to him and say, okay, I want to do a campaign with the launch. Are you on board? Because currently we'll be doing so we're launching with the, cases. 
It's. So it's four units. It's a it's in a four pack. It's a shrink.
Johannes Le Roux | 13:16
Six packs per.
danielle@dona.co.za | 13:18
Yeah, six, four packs per case, and, it's 1609 for four pack, and I think it's 50 grand per unit, and we kind of lost pried with the rest of the with the rest. This is expensive. Or TD tea is just expensive. 
And some of the other you can see some of the other competitors.
Johannes Le Roux | 13:33
No.
danielle@dona.co.za | 13:36
So because I bring in the BL to I supply them with BL as well. So I supply Patch with bulk tequila, I supply Chiki with bulk tea, so I kind of can keep the price the same for all of them. 
And I only reached out to me as well. And I said at that point I wasn't selling BL to Hetos. I said, no. But now I'm like, go back to them, yeah, so I can keep their prices the same.
Johannes Le Roux | 13:55
[Laughter] Might as well.
danielle@dona.co.za | 14:01
And as I bring in the stock, obviously the more I bring in, the lower the cost is for me and the same.
Johannes Le Roux | 14:07
He.
danielle@dona.co.za | 14:08
So the same is when the stock arrives. So I've got stock arriving in South Africa in a week, ten days. And what happens with the other customers? So Spearhead and Cheeky and other customers who are going to be bottling 750 more bottles, they get allocation from me. 
So I'll say I've got 10000 bulk liters coming into South Africa. And then they have location. So. So they'll say, okay. I want 2000m. I want 5000m. I want this whatever amount of liters. And then I ask them for allocation payment. 
So they pay me 75 percent of the liquid cost. And for them for ninety days.
Johannes Le Roux | 14:44
I go.
danielle@dona.co.za | 14:44
So that's excluding excise and deliveries and all that just hits. So that stock is secured for them. They pull from there. So with a BOLG stock coming in its own brand and then to all the different customers and on.
Johannes Le Roux | 14:56
Okay, that that's very nice. Like you said, the number one, you supply, you control the supply. Number two, you're making a bit of a capital off it, and the more you buy the better the pricing for yourself 
So. So I think that's really that's another positive about you positioning Donafugo's RTDS as the leading brand because you already own the. Yeah, the full value chain.
danielle@dona.co.za | 15:23
Yeah. So and that's I had a conversation with one of the other brands who say exclusive to so Cheeky's exclusive to spa and I work with an owner very well and you know, we had an agreement I'll do take as he does for. 
And he was saying, like, obviously, he won't sell it to Checkickens. Because then I can just close the Cora and then I'm like, okay, I'm not supplying, right? Same with Patch, I can just say, okay, yeah, whatever. 
But at this point, happy with that because I supply them with quite a bit of stock. So it makes my freight less and it makes my product less then. So everything has kind of come to this point where I'm like, okay, I'm in a really good position, but I don't know what to do.
Johannes Le Roux | 16:04
[Laughter] I realized that we what's, a lot of the time there's like that bit of, founders fatigue kicks in, like, because you've built everything to this point, and then it feels like. 
But you're back, you're just at the starting line and there's feel very demoralizing, right? So that's where I think it is good to bring in some fresh sort of minds. And maybe I'll take a step back and be like, okay, cool, let's re rejuvenate. We're in a good place. 
But like now the. The real. The real work starts with customers.
danielle@dona.co.za | 16:43
Yeah. And the thing is, like, honestly, I'm. I'm. I was quite excited after the meeting because I'm like, this is really where I want to.
Johannes Le Roux | 16:47
This is.
danielle@dona.co.za | 16:48
Like, I just need someone to keep me accountable and say, okay, cool. 
Like, we focus on marketing. I think a lot of times about like our rapes in the. And I think you know, but at the same token, I need to have feedback meeting center I need to follow up with a restaurants and whatever. 
So it does keep you accountable. And just for this, I've never really done a marketing campaign. It's usually like we pay a marketing company and you give them X amount per month and they do a couple of Instagram posts and it. 
And he eats it in. And. It's so ridiculous. So it doesn't work.
Johannes Le Roux | 17:15
It doesn't work totally.
danielle@dona.co.za | 17:17
So I'm excited about, like, actually focusing on this and. And doing it properly.
Johannes Le Roux | 17:23
No, but I'm like in marketing, it's definitely, a strength of like I think from that perspective, we'll make a good team. And I think about marketing, like, completely differently. I don't like we. I said, I don't think there's any rules, right? 
Like if you especially if you're a like an independent. Brand trying to break into a market. I mean, if you go by the rules of the big guys, you'll always be like, outperformed because they just have so much budget.
danielle@dona.co.za | 17:53
1I have.
Johannes Le Roux | 17:54
You have to go and break the rules a bit. 
And like we can talk about a strategy around, social media and, emailers and like that consumer relationship marketing, like we said, about building that first thousand like customers and how we actually manage them. 
And there's so many cool platforms these days that and I've shared a feelings on that thing where it makes it easy to manage. So it doesn't feel like, no, you are chatting to somebody on Instagram and then somebody else and then videos are coming in and out and you don't know what to do. 
So everything is kind of structured these days, which is great. And it should be really focused on amplification. But I think the biggest thing, like around the launch is very much that trade marketing because you've got the best platform. 
Like think about every checker store as being a potential billboard for your brand, right? Like that's the biggest opportunity you've got at the moment. So always looking at the whole sort of environment be like, okay, cool. 
Like what's where's the lows in fruit? And I think going big in a play and a point of purchase is always important. Another big thing. I don't know if you've thought about this a lot, but I have an idea. Obviously, just that the product's probably really good, like the liquid, right? I haven't tasted it, but you just give me some samples, but, so that's really like.
danielle@dona.co.za | 19:20
Kin? Some. Stock?
Johannes Le Roux | 19:26
Obviously, I think I'm not the biggest fan of, like, in store tastings, but they do work for the start, right? 
So when you when we may be building this launch marketing plan with checkers. They love tastings like, I mean, they always cause they know it works, and they know it's something interesting for that even draws customer to the store and everything. 
So I would probably make tastings part of it And you've got then an opportunity through the tastings to promote the bigger sort of campaign. So say it's the Field Bar partnership then cool. Here's a you taste it. 
And if you buy it back, you can actually win this field bar. So that could be I'm thinking like keeping it super simple and trying like whether it's fi boorn not I see they very high fashion these days like I don't even know if they'll do partnerships, but we'll we can reach out to them. 
I've added all of the full marketing team on LinkedIn now. So it's let's see, we can chat to them, but even another we can even look at another brand. What's nice about them? Like I said, I think there's a big overlap in target audience. They've got like a hundred thousand people on Instagram. 
It's a very it's a high value it's a perceived very high value product. So it's super premium, which is something that you want to attach your brand to because, like you said, it is a premium product. 
So I think it takes a lot of the those boxes for me. And then it's about, like, having the, like, putting together, like, a bit of. I would even put together, like, a bit of a deck for the Checkers by and be, like, cool. This is what we want to do. 
Like we said, we don't just want to put stock in, we want to sell through. So, like, what is what can we do? Number one, in store, number two, on 6060, right?
danielle@dona.co.za | 21:29
Yes.
Johannes Le Roux | 21:30
On 60 60. If you get one of those tiles right with a field bar and the dafugo body deans like buy now and when I think that could be really great. 
I mean, I only buy 66cd as II can't remember when last I went into a store, so it's. I would almost like, in my mind think half of the field bars goes to 60 60 half go to storm if we're talking field now. 
And yeah, and then that's gonna be this. And then to decide when to actually do it. So like you say the winter, I almost want to say September is a better time to do the campaign. So and for the first, like two months, which will be July and August, things will just kind of find their feet.
danielle@dona.co.za | 22:18
Six.
Johannes Le Roux | 22:18
Like, I would probably just focus on. Yeah, setting up the campaign, getting everything done properly. And then, like, September, which is a great month. Everyone's kind of feeling that the, Wintervipes?
danielle@dona.co.za | 22:33
Le.
Johannes Le Roux | 22:35
Yes, I think and that goes very well with the TK and you can we can like have a bit of a social media strategy. Than before. 
So it gives you a bit of time from out till then because you'll be super busy just making sure the product is on the shelf and looking good.
danielle@dona.co.za | 22:44
Eight.
Johannes Le Roux | 22:51
Do you have. Who will you use to merchandise?
danielle@dona.co.za | 22:56
So I've spoken to checkers about that and they said don't worry about it. They do internal merchandising. Cause I actually asked and they said the buyer was actually he's very accommodating because I was like, okay, I invited him to the distille for meeting and I'm like, okay, rip some merchandising in buck honey on and how much it's going to cost me because I know at the end of the day there's uniform like clawback or something or whatever. 
And he said, don't. He's literally going to follow the same recipe that he followed with Patch. And they are selling. I think I told you we did not we they did half a million cans in their last run, and we supplied them with a ticket. 
Yeah, like it's really moving over the whole category.
Johannes Le Roux | 23:36
No.
danielle@dona.co.za | 23:39
Subsequently, they launched multiple cocktails and subsequently they've cut some of it, but predominantly to tequila for more paloma and mogarita. 
So he said that did very little with the only marketing that they did. They were not. Marketing was the only thing that they did. The strategy that they followed is was it a sally they did or tele or I don't know how that works is they cut and then you contribute to the price cut. 
But I don't I mean, absolutely, I'll contribute to that. But as you said, like, I wanted to be a strategized campaign, not just, okay, now this is the cheapest margarita, now I'm buying it.
Johannes Le Roux | 24:08
You want to be straight. [Laughter].
danielle@dona.co.za | 24:14
Like that's not what I do. 
I'll contribute towards that, but I didn't want to put it in shelf. And then okay, the now you're waiting for munan for people to have money and then you do it. Ten. Rent. Or like it needs to be.
Johannes Le Roux | 24:29
And you can't cheapen the brand before you've built the brand, right? You have to build the brand like there is a danger in going so broad with the national listing without necessarily having the brand plt right because all beverage people will tell you got to build a brand in oncon or like in at markets and stuff and then you work up towards a listing. I don't. 
I think you can do it other way around, but then it just you just have to, like, you say, be very smart about how you do it. So I think, yeah, maybe rather going to him and say, listen, I'm going to not invest in discounts, but I'm investing in tastings and campaigns and things like that all really work. 
Well, what it does work.
danielle@dona.co.za | 25:15
In terms of installed tastings. Like, as boring as it is, I think everyone, we all know that it works, and we all be like, this.
Johannes Le Roux | 25:22
And you get good ones and bad ones. And like I said, especially if they do the testing and they present a campaign, then they've got a lot to talk about. And if they're well trained. 
Yeah. And you don't have to do at all the stores. Ryan this is what I wanted to say about the merchandising. So anything to watch art for. And it's something where, I have to kind of remember if that was pick and panel check is, I think a lot better. 
But the problem with not having your own merchandising company isn't always just like space on the shelf. It's the fact that the computer says there is stock, but then the stock is like somewhere in the back or it's not on the shelf. 
So now that store is just not auto replenishing. And there's no way to know unless send you send somebody in there to go and, like, scratch off the stock and say, look, the stocks not here. It says on the thing you should have three cases. 
It's not here. Scratch it off, clear the system, reboot and then it starts auto replenishing again. So. So maybe it is just not necessarily having a full out merchandising solution, but maybe a having a access to that data. 
And so see if you and then maybe taking that check' data and building a bit of a dashboard and see like if something stops if there's like no unit sales for a week in a store highlights it. So you can send somebody there to go see what's wrong, because every store is like a battleground.
danielle@dona.co.za | 26:56
Yeah, I do have a team that, I'm quite familiar with and I kind of trust them. I've worked with them. I think it's like the devil that, you know, I can't. I don't know if you know any good reps and merchandisers. I feel like it's the one that's the least cock.
Johannes Le Roux | 27:09
Exactly.
danielle@dona.co.za | 27:10
And I do have a ST and ASA Cockney, as we say that.
Johannes Le Roux | 27:13
Swift or the National? That's nice. Okay.
danielle@dona.co.za | 27:23
So I'm happy to get that, I think initially because I did ask about that and I was happy to work that into my pricing. And then he said, don't worry, they've actually got their own internal like reps and merchandisers as well. 
And as I say, because I've got the buy in from him, he's quite keen on it. And I kind of want to nurture this relationship. And. And work with us.
Johannes Le Roux | 27:45
Go with what he says, and obviously maybe it works, and then all I would say is, ask him to set up a auto report for you, so just have live data.
danielle@dona.co.za | 27:54
He.
Johannes Le Roux | 27:56
So. So listen, I can do this for you, but I can't do anything if I don't have eyes on sales. And I can't wait until I get a BO to know if stores are working or not. So you need a. Ideally like a weekly port per store, showing sales out, and then with that you can do a lot because then you can go specialize and be like, Cool, Swift, go in there, check that out.
danielle@dona.co.za | 28:20
Exactly.
Johannes Le Roux | 28:22
Or we've got a problem. Or yeah, why? Or actually see see where it's moving really well, right?
danielle@dona.co.za | 28:29
And they.
Johannes Le Roux | 28:29
So another thing that I would say that people make the mistake of is focusing on stores that don't do well with marketing. So I always say like, go find your. Your goal for your first three months is going to be to find your top your like platinum stores. Now you go top 20 stores or top 50 stores in the country that sell the most. 
And I would spend 80% of my marketing on those stores.
danielle@dona.co.za | 28:58
Yeah no, I agree with you go with what works right? You the out you can figure out the outliers, but that's probably not but go with what works. So I absolutely agree with that. 
And so to focus on those ones.
Johannes Le Roux | 29:09
[Laughter].
danielle@dona.co.za | 29:10
So just you to get the structure right and do install tastings, get a Canva like a launch campaign or saying launch campaign. But like I'm very happy that we're launching in winter because if there's any problems or there's anything like we can sort it out. 
So get it into store, see what the replenishments are, but work towards a campaign. And checkers need like obviously they're lead time. So if we say we're doing the campaign in September or whatever the case may be, then, you know, they've got time to we've got time, I've got time to work towards it. 
But I just want to kind of, you know, let the buyer know that he's aware that we're excited about it and we are working towards something. But I actually gave some more thought to what you said about the Kuer box share. That kind of stuck with me. 
And then I had. I had fun lost, not drinking wine and chatting to chat or chatting with. And, one of the things that came up, obviously, I was just like, putting in some information and some whatever it was, and.
Johannes Le Roux | 30:15
Yeah, he.
danielle@dona.co.za | 30:18
And that was one of the things that the Koler box share and I was thinking about it like why? So and then chat gave me this non anti wine club or whatever saying like everyone like all goes ammo brand vie no lib everyone's brain cla box has wine in. I'm not even going to start with a brand new code, guys, but you've got light and wine. You want that cooler box. You want to be the cool goal. Need to buy it and then bring it up because. 
And then if you. And it's always this is the case, right? If you go to a broy and someone has margarita, everyone puts their drinks aside and you're like, I'll have one.
Johannes Le Roux | 30:55
Exactly.
danielle@dona.co.za | 30:56
But no one wants to be the person taking all of the different elements.
Johannes Le Roux | 30:59
Yes, that first line on the deliverables is that occasion, right?
danielle@dona.co.za | 31:01
So. I was just, like, thinking how we could work.
Johannes Le Roux | 31:09
So I think anywhere that you. That's why I like fieldball as being part of the first thing because they're like making the full thing about this share of Koler box. 
So then your occasion is anywhere you take a cooler box.
danielle@dona.co.za | 31:24
No.
Johannes Le Roux | 31:24
So then it's like, okay, cool. It's to a bria, it's on the boat, it's at the like to a picnic. It's to a whatever where you want, like, convenience and then you could be like you could start structuring some of your language around that, right?
danielle@dona.co.za | 31:36
He.
Johannes Le Roux | 31:45
Like some of your copy and be like, 'cause people. What I love about a Cooler Bo is it's almost like a bit of a magic show. It's like, what's in your cooler box? Like, open the cooler box. And then somebody takes out something new and everyone talks about it. This is so cool. 
And like, you can't like script marketing like that. That's like the ultimate, right?
danielle@dona.co.za | 32:08
Exactly. So the my conversation with Chet was like it started and then it says the drink what the drink you bring when everyone else is bringing wine and beer.
Johannes Le Roux | 32:15
Very much no.
danielle@dona.co.za | 32:16
Okay, then a klom K. Ann then it went to. 
And I think the other thing is because no one wants to bring all of the elements, right? No one wants to bring, as say, no one wants to bring the whole margarita and everyone likes margarit. I don't know about you, but. 
Okay, I constantly. I have people messaging me who more can I bea margarita? How do you make a you?
Johannes Le Roux | 32:38
I Margarita does it yeah I agree.
danielle@dona.co.za | 32:40
And everyone is constantly asking me how to make it. So I think that's just like it's just a very quick solve. 
But the anti boring drink like the Kuer box share. That was what I was saying. You're not. It's because we all have you all have in the wintertime. And yeah your chardna of Yoshin and you'll car the lights and like what is the like the your like you said the other and then.
Johannes Le Roux | 33:00
The not yeah so I think if we take it if you think about it because you said the biggest ones you're right actually is it's actually pri pricing is good because versus buying everything it's little because you're not spending a thousand and you're spending a hundred and sixty r right? 
So that's great. So pricing is actually big tick. Second one is, convenient, right? So like, it's already premixed da and then third one that I would add to that is yeah, don't be the boring one like be so but like maybe may make it a positive so like, be a like be the adventurous one. 
Like no, it's like a we.
danielle@dona.co.za | 33:42
And that's yeah that's how it's so the campaign idea but this is just literally lost my drinking wine and popping it into. But it was the anti wine club for people who tired of bringing wine to everything. 
And then it's like you know your bride deserves better bring them more, don't bring the wine. Stop arriving with the same bottles like that. For me one can, no bottle, no admin, no leftovers kilo.
Johannes Le Roux | 34:06
But we with something cool I think.
danielle@dona.co.za | 34:06
But that I ca I thought that's exactly everyone likes like you want to. 
Yeah, that's kind of that stuck with me because I was thinking about the field bar, and then I was thinking about the Kulabx share, and then just how because. Yeah, how does it all fit together? 
And I think that kind of feels like it could be a really cool campaign.
Johannes Le Roux | 34:30
Yeah, I agree. I mean, just the fact that. And it's very nice to define the occasion, right? Because number one, the product always needs to be cold, right? 
So that's why cla box is a good occasion, because you don't want the product to it needs to be carried somewhere and then people won't neces. Maybe at home they'll still be making their own.
danielle@dona.co.za | 34:54
People still don't make it at home. I promising collect.
Johannes Le Roux | 34:57
Exactly. 
But they probably just gonna be, boring this now. I mean, I know every everyone I know that wants a easy way buys the what? The Alburo one. But, yeah, but I mean, they're I don't think they're pushing that very hard. 
So there's a big opportunity for a different market. Although I have to think a little bit about how to turn it into like an integrated campaign so the all the elements make sense together and think about, yeah, like a bit of a maybe a challenging line like what's yeah, so you get people to try something new. There is this opportunity. 
Like you say, people don't know how to make margaritas. Like, it's like for everyone that does that. Doesn't know how to make a margarito that loves margarit. It's for people that love margarita that don't know how to put it.
danielle@dona.co.za | 35:59
And you know what people don't even realize this akla and margarita a lot of people don't but I'm like it's not even so it's not even about the tequila it's about the margarita like people.
Johannes Le Roux | 36:12
What I really like about your branding is that it's Margarita Paloma because people know the s they don't know. A lot of people will say, no, I don't drink tikla and then order a margarita. 
Yeah.
danielle@dona.co.za | 36:24
Exactly.
Johannes Le Roux | 36:25
So I think that is really cool. Then, something else to consider, which is always is to think about. We were talking about sampling to say, like some think about, like, interesting sampling ideas.
danielle@dona.co.za | 36:35
Two.
Johannes Le Roux | 36:42
So like, not just install, but where people are like, maybe a bit of a campaign. Maybe this is where the Koler boxing, like, fits in. Maybe it's like, we do drop offs at like. So you can like, say in. In Cape Town. For as the summer starts, there's like the first 20 people to, like WhatsApp their the address of their brig gets dropped off a cooler box full of mu.
danielle@dona.co.za | 37:14
My god that's amazing.
Johannes Le Roux | 37:15
Right, like and you go live now, and it's just like people like, my God, somebody just delivered with Uber Kolla box full of margaritas, and you could just Uber it quickly, like, and you do, like, one beautiful day.
danielle@dona.co.za | 37:28
A god I love that idea you anyway.
Johannes Le Roux | 37:31
Yeah, it's just like, you know, which I think is really cool. So. So maybe that's like one campaign where you do, like, sampling and people are gonna really, like, talk about that, I think, which is quite cool.
danielle@dona.co.za | 37:43
That is insane. Yes, I love that. I still to this day talk about Jamison's party. I don't know if you remember the Jamison parties in.
Johannes Le Roux | 37:51
One way it was like the Matrix.
danielle@dona.co.za | 37:53
My God, I was into that. I still to this day, okay, that's obviously cost him, like, I don't know how many millions, but that's still something that I'm like, that was such a cool experience. How many years later? I'm like, that was. 
But yeah, this is something. Like you said, if you WhatsApp and someone just pitches up, you're gonna think, like, you know. You know, scam.
Johannes Le Roux | 38:12
Exactly. That's what right away and it's like, yeah, so that's because that's what the then that hits a few things. It's like, okay, cool. It's they've created the occasion already. You're just plugging in. You don't have to put up all of the into all thing. You just plug into it. They, like, have this, surprise and delight concept, so that sparks, like, talkability and sharing.
danielle@dona.co.za | 38:41
Talked to their friends about this for three yakani someone brought.
Johannes Le Roux | 38:43
Exactly. 
And it's not expensive, which is really good.
danielle@dona.co.za | 38:48
Yeah.
Johannes Le Roux | 38:50
So it's like just get, like a cool, like, small, cheaper, cooler box that just goes out and you like. And then you, like, take. What you can do is, to amplify it even further is say, like to five of the, events you actually send a photographer with to, like, arrive with and show like the delivery and the stuff. 
And then you take what everyone posts like in the Kerbook, you say, Here's a free te klo please. Like hashtag. If you go. And then you take all of that to create like a after video of this thing. 
And then everyone can talk about it. So yeah, so I think like all throughout so even just this whole concept of a cooler box, we can build a old campaign, we can build so many ideas around it.
danielle@dona.co.za | 39:29
Well, see, that's like you're get me excited about. That's a fantastic idea. Yeah.
Johannes Le Roux | 39:43
So I like that a lot. 
But it's now about. Is there anything else that you're worried about at the moment with regards to this launch production? Nothing. Like everything is running. You've got everything's on track.
danielle@dona.co.za | 39:58
I've got everything is on track, everything is so in terms of production, like I've got that on, I'm very happy with that. The only thing for me now what I've been busy with is financing. 
So if I get the, if I get my, overdraft, and it's going to be fine.
Johannes Le Roux | 40:16
Yes.
danielle@dona.co.za | 40:18
But I didn't even think about it. Overdraft. I was like, okay, I need to. So initially it was going to be a pure factoring, and then I started reaching out to people to do the PO but then I realize it's much more than that because it is the bulk tequila. 
So my tea that's arriving now in South Africa will probably be absorbed within the first sixty days and then I'll have to open a new container. So now that's stressing me out because again, obviously, they'll be paying some of the allocation. 
But. So it's for me, it's a cash flow management thing at this point. And I am talking to. So there's it's actually it's the first time where people are like, we want to give you money, just give us this information. 
Because you starting off, it's a oblium its smea confer to hear. I'm like at least I've got a couple of options here. But it's coming very close to like the obviously launch date. And we've paid already. 
I've paid quite a bit out of our cash flow, which I don't want to do anymore. And I mean, I shouldn't be doing that. And I can't do that for ever. So I can't fund the whole. The whole order. So it's just finding out which one's going to be the base for me. The overdraft, I think would be the base option.
Johannes Le Roux | 41:30
That can be the big option.
danielle@dona.co.za | 41:31
And then the other one is I've got two finance houses that are busy working on the deal for me so that I can see that the one would be a facility, the one would be like a I think it was one point five that ilied for.
Johannes Le Roux | 41:31
And.
danielle@dona.co.za | 41:45
So the one would be 1.5. And then I can just pay it back. Like it's very it's kind of a broader.
Johannes Le Roux | 41:50
Yeah, it's like you only pay for it when you use it and then it's and it's a re hopefully it's a reasonable interest rate and.
danielle@dona.co.za | 41:59
Yeah, I'm busy working on that. And then the other one, which is quite interesting is with so the one is with a waste peak capital other one is worth so it's West Peak capital and White Rock anyway.
Johannes Le Roux | 42:16
Okay, what you back with?
danielle@dona.co.za | 42:17
So the other one so we're asa so they will be doing the overdraw.
Johannes Le Roux | 42:21
Okay, I can do that.
danielle@dona.co.za | 42:22
So asa so the other.
Johannes Le Roux | 42:22
I've a draft the arch. Cool. And that should give you at least between 10. And that should give you between ten and 20% of your revenue and overdraft.
danielle@dona.co.za | 42:31
Really?
Johannes Le Roux | 42:31
Yeah, and especially because you've got a ba, assets.
danielle@dona.co.za | 42:32
No, they were at the disteller, and they were actually quite. They were quite keen and they weren't even they didn't even because I said to them that I've got the assets.
Johannes Le Roux | 42:39
Yeah.
danielle@dona.co.za | 42:45
And so when I started the business, I took a loan ant with business partners. Worse, not worse decision. My God, they're expensive. And so I've paid that off. I think actually this month is my last payment going on.
Johannes Le Roux | 42:57
Congrats. See, it's all starting now. Now. Now you're gonna be making money for the first time. I know.
danielle@dona.co.za | 43:06
And so they had a lien on my assets, which will be finalized now. It's I think I've got one payment left. And so business partners is like what we'll take on.
Johannes Le Roux | 43:12
This is
danielle@dona.co.za | 43:14
So initially, when I reached back out to them a couple of years ago, they're like, sorry, actually, we don't do alcohol now.
Johannes Le Roux | 43:14
When I reached back I them a couple years ago. Sorry, yeah, exactly, I mean, what's the difference?
danielle@dona.co.za | 43:18
I'm like, my deals Clomid yellow goodbye. No, we're willing to look at this because it's not spirited. RTD.
Johannes Le Roux | 43:27
It's like so, yeah, okay, cool, the financing is actually just I mean, but it sounds like that's all gonna work out.
danielle@dona.co.za | 43:30
Later.
Johannes Le Roux | 43:36
The only other thing I could think of. You've obviously got, you store in bond, right?
danielle@dona.co.za | 43:42
Yes. So we've got all of them.
Johannes Le Roux | 43:44
Okay, so that's great, because obviously, that would be a ridiculous amount of money to go upfront. I mean, with some Camino. I helped ste them out a bit. And there I did pay all the excise upfront and it's like what emission like then it often makes it.
danielle@dona.co.za | 43:58
Yeah, I think it's about it's a six hundred k in exact. So at least I've got. I will get my payment from checkers before I need to pay source. 
So for me, that is at least a folk. Danko.
Johannes Le Roux | 44:10
That's a big one. Yeah, okay, cool. And yeah, maybe it is just modeling it out and knowing exactly like you say, the structure, it's nice to like let's go and do like estimate cells for checks for the next twelve months and see what that is going to do to your cash flow.
danielle@dona.co.za | 44:32
Yeah.
Johannes Le Roux | 44:33
The good thing.
danielle@dona.co.za | 44:33
I'm very conservative. And I'm literally saying like I did a cash flow and up until before season because season is not how everything goes. So I would do this and then I would replenish. 
But the thing is.
Johannes Le Roux | 44:44
But the thing is, it's.
danielle@dona.co.za | 44:45
So it's kind of odd because it's a big order now. And then they'll pay me and then they'll do smaller orders. But for me, I don't want to do small orders with tiny cake. I'd rather do 6000 liters per skew. Have the stock and then let them and pull you know, that just works better. 
But again then you holding it's funny because I can wear it at my facility so it's not I've got some things, but it's just getting that management right and that's okay.
Johannes Le Roux | 45:02
Remember then you holding the stock in wareousing.
danielle@dona.co.za | 45:13
I'm glad doing it in the winter. 
So it's getting that cash flow. And then with the tequila because now it's like, okay, cool.
Johannes Le Roux | 45:19
I had.
danielle@dona.co.za | 45:19
I have to work with that lead time of bringing it in. But at least I've got customers buying the tequila. 
So I've actually got one customer who said they'll take everything and I pick. Okay. Yeah, I can I. So that's a bit of a juggle for me, just making sure that my terms with my customers are correct, my terms with my you know, like demands and supplies and everyone just to like kind of just the tiny KIIG it's fifty percent upfront and fifty percent in thirty days and the fifty percent upfronts like off overbo.
Johannes Le Roux | 45:33
So that's. 
Tiny gig. And all those guys give you thirty days of statement.
danielle@dona.co.za | 45:57
So it's a lot, it's big payments going out. So the other facility that I'm looking at, they will be so they do like a rotation. I think it's half a boy.
Johannes Le Roux | 46:06
I think it's
danielle@dona.co.za | 46:07
Half a ball for a month, for five months.
Johannes Le Roux | 46:10
Yeah, okay, nice.
danielle@dona.co.za | 46:10
And then you can use it so you can draw it down, draw continuously, draw it. To be honest, I don't get out of.
Johannes Le Roux | 46:19
But that if that's the only issue, you kind of all very deep into it. 
And you just want options and flexibility. Like you're not going to make major business decisions now unless. Obviously, the other thing that I said is maybe raising a bito of capital now based off this deal.
danielle@dona.co.za | 46:39
I think so what? I actually after we had this conversation, I was like, maybe that's not the worst idea because I can show. 
Listen, this is literally our first PER we've got. It's 2.7 and it's winter and we'll be going into summer then.
Johannes Le Roux | 46:49
Yes.
danielle@dona.co.za | 46:56
My question would just be do I structure it as a RTD or do I structure it as like the Tequila arm of the business? 
Because then it gets then the bulk is included. And the bulk is actually we make a lot of margin on that. So.
Johannes Le Roux | 47:11
So I don't think you need to do the bulk, but I would probably do the brand.
danielle@dona.co.za | 47:20
No.
Johannes Le Roux | 47:21
So yeah, so just do the brand because it's easy. Then you literally just have the trademark in the SBB and you've got a. You've just got a relationship basically between the two companies. A supply agreement?
danielle@dona.co.za | 47:37
And the thing is so I used to it took me quite a long time to actually, like, partner up. I think, you know, you just kind of you think you can do everything in whatever and almost stupid.
Johannes Le Roux | 47:45
Yes.
danielle@dona.co.za | 47:47
And I've realized having partners. I've got a partner in the non Alg and a partner in the whiskey, and it's amazing because it's like they can do the things that I can't do. 
And I don't have to be responsible for everything. 
And you've got a sounding board. So. And in that accountability. So it's shown me that for me and the way that I work, it really works if you've got a the right partner. And to be honest, I've been very lucky. Everyone that I've worked with, I have great relationships with both of my partners. 
And so actually when you say that because I've been wanting to do it, but I thought again was like you think business like banking. Yeah, I mean that Convis. But how pocket? We. We're selling a drink here.
Johannes Le Roux | 48:31
The always raise on the up.
danielle@dona.co.za | 48:34
We selling a dream.
Johannes Le Roux | 48:35
Yeah, it's the dream exactly in Silicon Valley, you must watch that episode. It's like what, no revenue, we have no revenue. Revenue is the worst thing for evaluation because they'll sign into it. 
But cash flow is cash flow because now you can go work out a three year cash flow and like that.
danielle@dona.co.za | 48:49
So. I said. You.
Johannes Le Roux | 48:57
So okay, cool. Well then that's another. It is actually on the deliverables list that we work on that and put something basic together. 
And what's Nice about the Situation you're in is I would build it. Speak to some People, but it's you're not Desperate for it. So that's a nice thing so you can kind of like go out there and be like, cool, this is what I want. 
If I don't get it, I go financing crude, right? So, which I think is really a perfect place to be at so but it's nice to have always just have that data room ready. And it's these days I've I raise I've raised, like $2 million on the ten page deck. 
Yeah. IBMB. Yeah. So, like, I used to do dis with everything in it. Like, but everything that you put in there is questionable, so no, just go, this is me, this is the vision. Do you believe me or not? 
If you don't I don't believe it, then I don't want your money. Next.
danielle@dona.co.za | 50:07
No.
Johannes Le Roux | 50:08
And like, I'll be surprised, like having that attitude then people, like, are like, please go on, please write. So it's not necessarily something that's going to now take a lot of your time to put together.
danielle@dona.co.za | 50:21
He.
Johannes Le Roux | 50:22
And I've got a lot of examples of how to do it. And you don't even nowadays I don't even build in PowerPoint or PDF anymore. I buildt everything just an edged ML form where it's like Claude and it looks amazing and it's like a little. Now you've got a little website investment website and Claude is the wife you can keep chat.
danielle@dona.co.za | 50:41
Okay, so you saying I must go over to everyone's on I'm so on chatty my alco.
Johannes Le Roux | 50:48
I know my wife will never let go of a chat because it's more like a therapist, a friend, but Claude is great for business.
danielle@dona.co.za | 50:58
My boyfriend said this what do you say?
Johannes Le Roux | 51:00
Claude is amazing for business. Yeah.
danielle@dona.co.za | 51:02
And everyone saying.
Johannes Le Roux | 51:02
I mean, excel and. And anything developing is something quickly. 
Yeah, it's perfect.
danielle@dona.co.za | 51:10
Because that's what I'm quite excited about is if I were to do that, it would be that there's another person or another company or whatever involved that takes some responsibility. 
And I can help me with this because I really feel like I don't want to because I'm still busy with the rest of the business. Right? We're still doing.
Johannes Le Roux | 51:28
Thank you.
danielle@dona.co.za | 51:29
So I really want to get someone involved who will be as passionate and take some of it off my plate. 
And the part that I can't do because, you know, ultimately I don't want to end up paying like a marketing company because you start outsourcing because you don't have capacity for it and then it's just not what it's supposed to be. 
So II actually. After that. I was like. That's not a cock idea. Like.
Johannes Le Roux | 51:54
Well, maybe if you can share some. Like I said, I'm away next week, so I'll. But I've got a bit more time this week, and I'll have a bit of time, then I'm gonna. I'm fishing in Mozambique, but we've got like a we've got a.
danielle@dona.co.za | 52:05
O.
Johannes Le Roux | 52:08
Yeah, I don't really want to work, but I've got a, what's the thing? Elon Musks internet thing. So I've actually got a crazy internet in the middle of nowhere. But, so and I love so I love building pitch decks and these kinds of things because it's like it's creative for me. 
So if you send me all the information you've got and kind of what you're thinking with regards to it. Wouldity. What you want from a strategic partner and value valuation. Then we can.
danielle@dona.co.za | 52:42
Got no idea.
Johannes Le Roux | 52:43
Then I can start working with them.
danielle@dona.co.za | 52:44
I must be honest, I have no idea where to even start. So I've done a couple of pitches, with other people. I've done my own pitch deck as well, and you're. I think I ended with like thirty slides. It was horrific, and I was like this. 
So in any way you do your first one, you're like, this was so cock. There are things. I didn't put it in there. It's so obviously I didn't put it in. And then I kept on building on the deck and then I had City slides and I was like, this is sogck. 
So this is my strong food.
Johannes Le Roux | 53:13
No, it's quite a all division. And then what's nice is then you sell the vision and then people ask different investors ask you different questions, and then you're building an FAQ page and with the questions that they ask you just adding an f IQ and that becomes like the document that's live, so anyone else that's looking at it can see. 
So I've run the processes a lot. So to make it a bit easier on the founder, yeah, that's probably the biggest success of Dutch is why are you like well, why do people know about it is because we raise so much money like. 
So, actually, like, with Dob and Duchess and.
danielle@dona.co.za | 53:49
No.
Johannes Le Roux | 53:54
But. Yeah, so I'm keen to. I'm keen to help you with that as part of this, so we can work on that. Obviously, it's not necessarily the priority, so maybe we should just for the last ten minutes we've got here, think about priorities quickly and anything I might need. 
I think we made a massive breakthrough with this cooler box positioning today. I would almost.
danielle@dona.co.za | 54:20
I agree. I looked at cooler boxes and I asked my young friends. I'm like, is Philds still cool? And because you know, when it gets too big now mostly done. UNC, this man, this is, yeah, a field boss thing, but I think it's a bit more commercial, but it's still very recognizable. 
And my question to you was actually, did you want to.
Johannes Le Roux | 54:34
I that you want to it's the idea because it's got to be a customer yout to them but of both I would say yeah and it's bo and because it's a local brand that's another one I don't it doesn't have to be Field bomb.
danielle@dona.co.za | 54:37
Is the idea field is the field B idea because it's connected because it's got a big customer base and you can tap into that? Or was it because it's a cool product? 
Because I think there's two different things there.
Johannes Le Roux | 55:00
What I like about Fieldbab was the overlap in so if Field bomb if here's the deal I would to say to field buyers like I think how many did I put in here? They will buy thirty of your K bars.
danielle@dona.co.za | 55:14
2.
Johannes Le Roux | 55:15
I like these mini ones. Have you seen? 
And your cans actually forfit in them. 
The Kankees is kid by a kid, so it's like these small ones because they're perfect for the kind.
danielle@dona.co.za | 55:29
You have to get.
Johannes Le Roux | 55:30
I see from you. Well, yeah.
danielle@dona.co.za | 55:31
You can try it.
Johannes Le Roux | 55:33
And we'll put. So how it works is we'll buy thirty, we're gonna amplify it through checkers. 
So Field Bar is going to be now in check is basically on checkers shelves. And in check is like 66 in. But then what we want is you have to amplify it to your audience and social media and through emailer, and or let's talk about what platforms you've got and obviously then say that this product is available and checkers. 
So I think if they go for it's a massive one. I think they don't go for it. We go to the next brand. So we actually have to do then is put together. I'll put it. I'll probably just say, put together like, an email concept for them. 
And, let's do a call with him. This lady that I've just added on LinkedIn, she's head of marketing and partnerships. So that's exactly I suppose I thought too.
danielle@dona.co.za | 56:40
That's a perfect person. I saw that just a partnership with violence.
Johannes Le Roux | 56:45
Yeah. So fland the furniture is not does not need to be called but we've got to gela which so I would say like yeah that could be called otherwise other brands are other brands that are electriw.
danielle@dona.co.za | 56:54
Yeah, exactly. 
I saw I know one that, like, it's more affordable and younger people are using, and I don't really quite like it, but it's quite bulky as Polar a Polar box.
Johannes Le Roux | 57:12
Well if does it looks too much like a vanity three yeah that's true they actually have a cool one and I know them quite well.
danielle@dona.co.za | 57:16
And it's like in, plastics, warehouses and stuff like that, but in anyway. So I don't know if that's but that's one brand. And then I saw Freedom of Movement brought out to Koler Box because I'm like so I can Google. I was honestly like, I this was like a five minute Google. 
But yeah, I think the win would be because you'll automatically gives credibility if you work with fieldball because they are well known because they are quality. And I think that would be a great win if we could, like, get on the mailer. 
Because that's ultimately what you actually want, so it doesn't have to. You ultimately just want some this is the first like you just want some reach with that.
Johannes Le Roux | 57:57
Editor was Premiumil like a pick and pie classic.
danielle@dona.co.za | 58:01
Yeah, and Anaaw ananit, I couldn't yeah, I just I literally googled. I'm not I don't I think I've got that cheap Cooolla box, you know, that blue one with the white soleman. 
Yeah, I've got one of those. So. That's not really. I don't.
Johannes Le Roux | 58:20
I know that I got a Coleman now that's pretty nice but you know who is coming to South Africa now that's actually the coolest is ig is it not igli letti yeah South Africa so maybe that could be so super cool.
danielle@dona.co.za | 58:34
Said I really I saw some homema gods was raving about yetie. I'm.
Johannes Le Roux | 58:42
They are already here gi rodi. 
But it's 15,000 rnd no. Yeah, it's seven thousand rent for the small one.
danielle@dona.co.za | 58:54
My god because I saw literally add and a taty like a budd this farmer told me about his ye and I was like what are you talking about? And then he proceeded to tell me about his yetti for 20 minutes.
Johannes Le Roux | 59:01
Nine. Well, see, that's the thing, it's like cause I was thinking like other brands that I love is like Stanley, Yeti, it's cool, but it's yeah, it's it might be that they are actually in the right place to want exposure, so why not just have a why would both talk to them whoever was bringing them in?
danielle@dona.co.za | 59:32
Yeah, but I've got lucky. Okay, let bark with my O kleiner kleinr. Okay, that's on a massive cool box. They've got smaller cool boxes. 
And then they've got that likena copy don't work. But that's not cool enough. I don't want to win that.
Johannes Le Roux | 59:46
No. I don't know you. Well, I suppose one question is. Obviously, the surf is poor over ice, right?
danielle@dona.co.za | 59:56
Hey.
Johannes Le Roux | 59:57
Okay, got served. Glassware is something interesting to think of. 
But that's not important that people have glasses. So, yeah, I think a cool is the right approach.
danielle@dona.co.za | 01:00:10
I all that would we spoke about anizing.
Johannes Le Roux | 01:00:14
Okay? And I think even the 80 is maybe a bit too grungy for the brand. It's very male.
danielle@dona.co.za | 01:00:25
Yeah, you're right. Does would a woman like a eight? I mean, I'd like a 80, but.
Johannes Le Roux | 01:00:28
I would I think most people would probably and it is a bit more.
danielle@dona.co.za | 01:00:32
Yeah, but you right. Like a woman would probably want a field boy.
Johannes Le Roux | 01:00:38
Well though these are double the price of field ball and the fieldball is still more premium. I don't know why I think this yet is like you can probably if you'd go this route if your e is like okay go we keen and we can do a campaign with the 80 where we put a margarita in a yay for a month and see if it's still ice cold afterwards.
danielle@dona.co.za | 01:01:03
I love that. Yon and tas you could think and that's why this guy gave me.
Johannes Le Roux | 01:01:06
It's the longest the longer the longest margarita pour of all time. It's like for thirty days it's in it and then it's like.
danielle@dona.co.za | 01:01:20
We went for a hike and then he gave me. He was like a vox lu is do not on your bucky. 
And I said it is fine and I hets my neck drinking text is who's it? Its go the nicet 80 and then that all.
Johannes Le Roux | 01:01:32
Okay, so you know the yeah, dear. Okay, well, okay, it's nice to always have, two options, right? And these are actually quite cute. I must get you. Have I got you? What'sa no, but we'll get on whatsapp and then I can sayre and of things we can.
danielle@dona.co.za | 01:01:46
It's mycity, so it's same.
Johannes Le Roux | 01:01:53
We can then you can over this time that we work together, I'm super thrilled if you like what have me questions or anything or you're like, I saw this and share stuff that's quite likely for me to be involved.
danielle@dona.co.za | 01:02:06
I don't want to overstate that.
Johannes Le Roux | 01:02:08
No, that's fine. Let's create like a group or something. Another group.
danielle@dona.co.za | 01:02:13
Another group acine nonsense.
Johannes Le Roux | 01:02:15
Yeah.
danielle@dona.co.za | 01:02:17
No, don't give you' tight. It was really im.
Johannes Le Roux | 01:02:22
I'll transcribe this and see, update the tracker a bit, to just be a bit more precise on the deliverables from my side. 
And then. Yeah, my goal would be to reach out to these people around the Kolla this week already so we can get some productction on that.
danielle@dona.co.za | 01:02:41
Okay. Okay, so do you want me to, like, draft the mail, and reach out to so see the LinkedIn, follow the LinkedIn woman, draf the mail, send it out to her.
Johannes Le Roux | 01:02:53
Maybe that's a good idea. Let's see if she does it, if she when she. I'll let you know when she accepts, because I think she just did. No, it's not somebody else. Okay, cool, but I'll let you know. For the yeah, tomorrow.
danielle@dona.co.za | 01:03:13
Okay? And enjoy. Enjoy your first fun in Mosam. It seems everyone going and I can't go. I was supposed to go but I'm have to be at the canning facility. I want to be there and taste every product before they can so give up my.
Johannes Le Roux | 01:03:26
Wasn't to tell you that please go and taste everything at Tiny Egg especially.
danielle@dona.co.za | 01:03:34
So that's what.
Johannes Le Roux | 01:03:34
They're great, but they la a der cock sometimes.
danielle@dona.co.za | 01:03:37
Yeah, but that's why I'm missing my Mosam trip. I'm like, it's not worth it. I don't mind, I will miss it. I even thought I could fly out after NANC that's too extensive.
Johannes Le Roux | 01:03:46
No? Okay, awesome, just have a go. Bye.
